---
title: York
permalink: /trips/2023-05-20-york/
---

## Outbound train

| [1S37](https://www.realtimetrains.co.uk/service/gb-nr:C71479/2023-05-20/detailed) | Birmingham New Street to York |
|:-|:-|
| **Departure** | **09:03** |
| **Arrival** | **11:30** |
| **Duration** | 2h27m |
| **Operator** | CrossCountry |
| **Destination** | Edinburgh |

### Schedule

| Call || arr | dep |
|:-|-|-|-|
| **Birmingham New Street** | BHM | | 09:03 |
| **Derby** | DBY | 09:36 | 09:45 |
| **Sheffield** | SHF | 10:19 | 10:21 |
| **Wakefield Westgate** | WKF | 10:46 | 10:47 |
| **Leeds** | LDS | 11:01 | 11:08 |
| **York** | YRK | 11:30 | |

### Seat reservations

| | | | G | C | K |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
| BHM | DBY | 33m | C15 | C17 | C18 |
| DBY | SHF | 34m | C15 | C17 | C18 |
| SHF | YRK | 1h9m | E33 | E34 | E35 |

## Attractions

Leave York station and head down the west bank of the River Ouse, before
crossing the Ouse Bridge and continuing along High Ousegate.
Head up Parliament Street and onto Jubbergate, on which we will attempt to
have lunch at...

### Sandwitches

Apparently this is a 'quirky' music-themed place, so presumably a bit like
Cherry Reds; they certainly seem to serve similar food.
Hopefully it won't be too busy, I may need to find some backups just in case.
Once we are done we can head onto...

### The Shambles

This is a very touristy instagrammy place, and has all the touristy shops we
might need.
In particular I can get my fudge kitchen fudge.
After this we can head north towards...

### York Minster

It's expensive to go in so let's just stay outside, there are still lots of
photo ops so don't worry about that.
Once we have our photo fix we can head along Duncombe Place, Museum Street,
across the Lendal Bridge and to...

### National Railway Museum

Admission is free!
We can look at all the trains.
Once we've had enough of that we can head out across the station and onto...

### City Walls

Walk around the city walls until we get to Skeldergate
If there's enough time, we can take a detour at Skeldergate and go down to
Rowntree Park and across the Millennium Bridge, before going up along the Ouse
towards Clifford's Tower.
If we don't have time, we can go straight to Clifford's Tower from Skeldgate.
Then we can continue around the Walls until the end, after which we can head
over to...

### Bettys

This closes at 6 and apparently there's often a queue so we don't want to leave
it too late.
After we're in and out we can go towards...

### Museum Gardens

The museum closes at 5 and costs money so I'm not too bothered about going in.
The gardens are nice though, and we can soak up some time wandering around them.
After this, depending on time we can head up the banks of the River Ouse along
the Joseph Rowntree Walk to Clifton Bridge, and back down the other side.
This takes us pretty much to the station, at a time hopefully close to when
our train is.

## Return train

| [1M72](https://www.realtimetrains.co.uk/service/gb-nr:C71612/2023-05-20/detailed) | York to Birmingham New Street |
|:-|:-|
| **Departure** | **19:36** |
| **Arrival** | **21:24** |
| **Duration** | 1h48m |
| **Operator** | CrossCountry |
| **Destination** | Birmingham New Street |

### Schedule

| Call || arr | dep |
|:-|-|-|-|
| **York** | YRK | 19:33 | 19:36 |
| **Doncaster** | DON | 19:57 | 19:59 |
| **Sheffield** | SHF | 20:21 | 20:24 |
| **Derby** | DBY | 20:51 | 20:53 |
| **Birmingham New Street** | BHM | 21:24 |

### Seat reservations

| | | | G | C | K |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:
| YRK | SHF | 45m | C23 | C27 | C28 |
| SHF | DBY | 27m | D47 | D51 | D52 |
| DBY | BHM | 31m | D47 | D48 | D52 |